This is a dried pumpkin
that I was
that I purchased at Grand Canyon National Park.
It was uh made by I believe the Navajo or the
Zuni tribe that was around
at the time and sold their
artifacts. This is done by
using a sort of dye paint as well as carved and etched into the dried pumpkin.
Uh As you can see,
there are zigzags and patterns that run along the pumpkin
when it was cut to form a cup and lid.
The reason I chose this is because I
went to so many national Parks as a child that it really became
pivotal to my desire to work in museums.
I collected many
stone carvings.
They are even though they're not made in those national parks when I was young,
collecting them really tied
to my,
my
memories.
So,
uh
I've been to 25 states because of this small artifact.
And I hope to share some of the beautiful artwork
that the native Americans have done at Grand Canyon.